docs/bot/intents.mdx, before:

---
title: "Intents"
description: "Intents are various features the user can enable that are usually disabled for performance."
---

Intents are a way to enable specific features that are disabled by default for 1 of 2 reasons:

1. They require extra API calls
2. They are unusually intensive on your device

Here's a list:

- `Bot.Intents.STATS` - enables the bot to its stats
- `Bot.Intents.CHALLENGES` - enables challenge tracking
- `Bot.Intents.PATHING` - enables pathfinding logic
- `Bot.Intents.BUFFERS` - enables buffer tracking of other users
    - this is an advanced feature. only do this if you actually need it.
- `Bot.Intents.PING` - enables pinging logic
- `Bot.Intents.COSMETIC_DATA` - enables fetching of cosmetic data
    - If this is not enabled, `bot.players[x].character` will not have items but rather item IDs.
    - For example, `bot.players[x].character.hat` is usually an item ID. Enabling this makes it an item object.
    - This is due to the resources searching through items takes (it's usually not worth it).
- `Bot.Intents.PLAYER_HEALTH` - enables player health tracking
    - health regen is currently VERY intensive on your computer
    - `player[x].hp` will be updated without this, but it likely will not be accurate
    - `player[x].hpShield` is not impacted
- `Bot.Intents.PACKET_HOOK` - enables the `packet` hook
    - this is potentially intensive (we cba to check) so it's locked here

You can enable any intent by passing them in the `intents` array:

```js
const bot = new Bot({
    intents: [
        Bot.Intents.STATS,
        Bot.Intents.CHALLENGES
    ]
});
```

You should **NEVER** blindly specify all intents! Many times, you will not need to do whatever the intent does. For example, if you're not using pathfinding, you should not enable the `Bot.Intents.PATHING` intent, or your computer will waste resources fetching and processing map data. Only enable the intents you need.

Commit message:

document `bot.Intents.MONITOR` and `bot.state.weaponIdx`

docs/bot/intents.mdx, after:

---
title: "Intents"
description: "Intents are various features the user can enable that are usually disabled for performance."
---

Intents are a way to enable specific features that are disabled by default for 1 of 2 reasons:

1. They require extra API calls
2. They are unusually intensive on your device

Here's a list:

- `Bot.Intents.STATS` - enables the bot to its stats
- `Bot.Intents.CHALLENGES` - enables challenge tracking
- `Bot.Intents.PATHING` - enables pathfinding logic
- `Bot.Intents.BUFFERS` - enables buffer tracking of other users
    - this is an advanced feature. only do this if you actually need it.
- `Bot.Intents.PING` - enables pinging logic
- `Bot.Intents.COSMETIC_DATA` - enables fetching of cosmetic data
    - If this is not enabled, `bot.players[x].character` will not have items but rather item IDs.
    - For example, `bot.players[x].character.hat` is usually an item ID. Enabling this makes it an item object.
    - This is due to the resources searching through items takes (it's usually not worth it).
- `Bot.Intents.PLAYER_HEALTH` - enables player health tracking
    - health regen is currently VERY intensive on your computer
    - `player[x].hp` will be updated without this, but it likely will not be accurate
    - `player[x].hpShield` is not impacted
- `Bot.Intents.PACKET_HOOK` - enables the `packet` hook
    - this is potentially intensive (we cba to check) so it's locked here
- `Bot.Intents.MONITOR` - disables all passive websocket responses
    - this allows you to use a Bot to monitor packets
    - passing this on a standalone bot will make the bot not work
    - dispatches are still processed normally

You can enable any intent by passing them in the `intents` array:

```js
const bot = new Bot({
    intents: [
        Bot.Intents.STATS,
        Bot.Intents.CHALLENGES
    ]
});
```

You should **NEVER** blindly specify all intents! Many times, you will not need to do whatever the intent does. For example, if you're not using pathfinding, you should not enable the `Bot.Intents.PATHING` intent, or your computer will waste resources fetching and processing map data. Only enable the intents you need.
