docs/classes/bot.mdx, before:

---
title: "Bot Class"
description: "The methods & attributes of a Bot."
---

This is a generic Bot.

```js
import Bot from 'yolkbot/bot';
```

You can create one using the standard constructor format:

```js
const bot = new Bot();
```

The constructor has one parameter, which is an object with configuration. The configuration object can have the following properties:

```js
const bot = new Bot({
    name: 'My Bot', // the name of the bot
    proxy: 'socks4://69.69.69.69:4200', // a socks4 OR socks5 proxy url for the bot

    doPing: true, // should the bot automatically ping the server for latency?
    pingInterval: 1000, // how often should the bot ping the server for latency? 1000 is shell's default

    doUpdate: true, // should the bot automatically update? (see how/updates)
    updateInterval: 5, // how often should the bot update? (see how/updates)
})
```

From there, you can use the various methods and attributes of the bot.

## Methods
Methods are things that allow you to run actions on a `Bot` instance.

A method tagged with the `[async]` tag means that it is an asynchronous function, and you should use `await` when calling it.

For example, here is a normal method:

```js
bot.method();
```

Here is an `[async]` method:

```js
await bot.asyncMethod();
```

If you have errors relating to "await being called in a non-async function", you should read [this article](https://javascript.info/async-await), which helps explain how async/await work as well as how to properly use them.

### [async] bot.login
Logs you into an account using an email and password. If you do not call this, joining a game will create and use an anonymous account.

```js
await bot.login('email@example.com', 'MyEpicPassword123!!');
```

### bot.dispatch
Allows you to [dispatch](../how/dispatches) an action to the game server.

```js
import LookAtDispatch from 'yolkbot/dispatch/LookAtDispatch';

bot.dispatch(new LookAtDispatch(0));
```

If you become confused with dispatches, refer to the [dispatches](../how/dispatches) guide.

### [async] bot.createPrivateGame
Creates a private game with a specified region, mode, and map.

```js
await bot.createPrivateGame({
    region: 'useast',
    mode: 'ffa',
    map: 0 // aqueduct
});
```

You can find a region list from the [matchmaker](./matchmaker) guide.

Modes can be found using the [GameMode constant](../util/constants).

Maps can be found using the [Map constant](../util/constants). Use the ID of the map, or the index of where it is in the array. For example, to find the ID of the Castle map, you'd do this:

```js
import { Maps } from 'yolkbot/constants';

let castleInfo = Maps.find((map) => map.name === 'Castle');
let castleId = Maps.indexOf(castleInfo);
```

You'd then pass that `castleId` to the `Map` parameter.

### [async] bot.join
Join a public game with the provided game code.

```js
await bot.join('game-code-here');
```

You can also pass a result directly from the Matchmaker:

```js
const game = await bot.matchmaker.findGame({ region: 'useast', mode: 'ffa' });
await bot.join(game);
```

### bot.update
This runs a manual update for the bot. Do not call this unless you have a *clear understanding* how [updates](../how/updates) work.

```js
bot.update();
```

### bot.on
This is how you listen to a [hook](../how/hooks) on the bot. You can listen to any hook that is available.

```js
bot.on('playerJoin', (player) => {
    console.log('a player joined! say hi to ' + player.name);
});
```

You can get a list of hooks in the [hook guide](../how/hooks).

### bot.onAny
This is how you listen for ALL events in the bot. Since this includes things like packets, ticks, and pings, this probably isn't good unless you're debugging issues.

```js
bot.onAny((eventName, data) => {
    console.log('event ' + eventName + ' was called with data: ' + data);
});
```

`data` is what would be passed to the specified event name. So, for a `playerJoin`, eventName = `playerJoin and data = `playerThatJoined`.

### [async] bot.initMatchmaker
This manually creates of a [Matchmaker](./matchmaker) on a Bot. This is why you really should never create a Matchmaker unless you don't plan to join a game at any point.

You should, if logging in and attempting to find regions:
- Create a bot with `new Bot()`
- Call `bot.login()` with the proper credentials
- Call `bot.initMatchmaker()`
- Call the various matchmaker calls you need to
- Call `bot.join(code)`

There are several important things about the matchmaker that don't relate, so let's use a bullet pointed list:

- If you don't login before using initMatchmaker, it will first create an anonymous account, attach the anon account to the bot, then use that anon account until you call `login()`. This is why you should really call `login()` first.
- The matchmaker will use the proxy you used to create the bot. Note that the Matchmaker will disconnect if you spam `findPublicGame` on the same proxy ~10 times.
- The matchmaker will use the same proxy as the bot.
- This will automatically be run anytime you use `bot.join()` or `bot.createPrivateGame()`, so you don't need to call this unless you're doing something special (e.g. finding a public game and joining it).

## Attributes
These are variables on `bot.*` that let you get information about the Bot.

<Note>Some variables are not listed, as their usage is for advanced users and messing with them may cause issues.</Note>

### Constructor Config
This is config passed in the constructor (when you ran `new Bot({ ...opts })`)

- `bot.proxy` - the socks proxy url
- `bot.name` - the name of the bot
- `bot.autoUpdate` - do auto updates? see [updates](../how/updates)
- `bot.updateInterval` - how often to update? see [updates](../how/updates)
- `bot.autoPing` - automatically ping the server to test latency?
- `bot.pingInterval` - how often to ping the server?

### bot.players
`bot.players` is an array of players.

<Note>bot.me is a reference to the `bot.players` object that represents you.</Note>

- `bot.players[i].id` - the id of the player relative to the players
    - IDs are the index of `bot.players` the bot is
    - for example, ID 3 would be `bot.players[3]`
- `bot.players[i].team` - the team the player is on
- `bot.players[i].name` - the name of the player
- `bot.players[i].uniqueId` - the unique id of the player
- `bot.players[i].position` - the position of the player
    - `bot.players[i].position.x` - the x position of the player
    - `bot.players[i].position.y` - the y position of the player
    - `bot.players[i].position.z` - the z position of the player
- `bot.players[i].view` - the view of the player
    - `bot.players[i].view.yaw` - the yaw of the player
    - `bot.players[i].view.pitch` - the pitch of the player
- `bot.players[i].jumping` - if the player is jumping
- `bot.players[i].climbing` - if the player is climbing
- `bot.players[i].character` - the character of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.eggColor` - the color of the player's egg
    - `bot.players[i].character.primaryGun` - the primary gun of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.secondaryGun` - the secondary gun of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.stamp` - the stamp of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.hat` - the hat of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.grenade` - the grenade of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.melee` - the melee of the player
- `bot.players[i].activeGun` - the active gun of the player (primary or secondary)
- `bot.players[i].selectedGun` - the selected gun of the player (eggk, crackshot, etc)
- `bot.players[i].weapons` - the weapons of the player
    - `bot.players[i].weapons[0]` - the primary weapon of the player (instanceof [gun](../constants/gun))
    - `bot.players[i].weapons[1]` - the secondary weapon of the player (instanceof [gun](../constants/gun), always a cluck9mm)
- `bot.players[i].grenades` - the number of grenades the player has
- `bot.players[i].kills` - the number of kills the player has
- `bot.players[i].hp` - the health of the player
- `bot.players[i].hpShield` - the shield of the player
- `bot.players[i].streakRewards` - the rewards the player has for their streak - a list of the [StreakRewards constant](../util/constants)

### bot.game

- `bot.game.code` - the game code of the game
- `bot.game.gameMode` - the game mode of the game (instanceof [GameMode](../util/constants))
- `bot.game.map` - the map of the game (instanceof [Map](../util/constants))
- `bot.game.playerLimit` - the player limit of the game
- `bot.game.isGameOwner` - if the bot is the game owner
- `bot.game.isPrivate` - if the game is private
- `bot.game.options` - the options of the game
    - `bot.game.options.gravity` - the gravity of the game
    - `bot.game.options.damage` - the damage of the game
    - `bot.game.options.healthRegen` - the health regen of the game
    - `bot.game.options.locked` - if the game is locked
    - `bot.game.options.noTeamChange` - if the game has no team change
    - `bot.game.options.noTeamShuffle` - if the game has no team shuffle
    - `bot.game.options.weaponsDisabled` - the weapons disabled in the game - in the order of [GunList](../util/constants) - 1 = disabled, 0 = enabled
    - `bot.game.options.mustUseSecondary` - if the player must use the secondary weapon due to all weapons being disabled
- `bot.game.teamScore` - the team score of the game
- `bot.game.spatula` - the spatula of the game
    - `bot.game.spatula.coords` - the coords of the spatula
    - `bot.game.spatula.controlledBy` - the player id controlling the spatula
    - `bot.game.spatula.controlledByTeam` - the team controlling the spatula
- `bot.game.stage` - the stage of the game (instanceof [CoopStates](../util/constants))
- `bot.game.activeZone` - the active coop zone number
- `bot.game.capturing` - the users capturing the coop
- `bot.game.captureProgress` - a number 1-1000 that signifies the progress of the capture
- `bot.game.numCapturing` - the number of players capturing
- `bot.game.stageName` - the name of the game stage (as `bot.game.stage` is a number)
- `bot.game.capturePercent` - the capture percent of the game (as `bot.game.captureProgress` is a number, this is for convenience)

### bot.account

- `bot.account.firebaseId` - the firebase id (for auth)
- `bot.account.sessionId` - the session id (for auth)
- `bot.account.session` - the session (for auth)
- `bot.account.ownedItemIds` - the owned items' IDs
- `bot.account.vip` - if the account is vip status
- `bot.account.accountAge` - the age of the account in milliseconds
- `bot.account.emailVerified` - if the account's email is verified
- `bot.account.eggBalance` - the egg balance

### bot.*

- `bot.ping` - the websocket latency (ping)
- `bot.initTime` - a `Date.now()` of the bot instance's creation time (for benchmarks)
- `bot.matchmaker` - an instance of [matchmaker](./matchmaker) that uses the bot's proxy & auth

Commit message:

update docs with a couple of recent changes

docs/classes/bot.mdx, after:

---
title: "Bot Class"
description: "The methods & attributes of a Bot."
---

This is a generic Bot.

```js
import Bot from 'yolkbot/bot';
```

You can create one using the standard constructor format:

```js
const bot = new Bot();
```

The constructor has one parameter, which is an object with configuration. The configuration object can have the following properties:

```js
const bot = new Bot({
    name: 'My Bot', // the name of the bot
    proxy: 'socks4://69.69.69.69:4200', // a socks4 OR socks5 proxy url for the bot

    doPing: true, // should the bot automatically ping the server for latency?
    pingInterval: 1000, // how often should the bot ping the server for latency? 1000 is shell's default

    doUpdate: true, // should the bot automatically update? (see how/updates)
    updateInterval: 5, // how often should the bot update? (see how/updates)
})
```

From there, you can use the various methods and attributes of the bot.

## Methods
Methods are things that allow you to run actions on a `Bot` instance.

A method tagged with the `[async]` tag means that it is an asynchronous function, and you should use `await` when calling it.

For example, here is a normal method:

```js
bot.method();
```

Here is an `[async]` method:

```js
await bot.asyncMethod();
```

If you have errors relating to "await being called in a non-async function", you should read [this article](https://javascript.info/async-await), which helps explain how async/await work as well as how to properly use them.

### [async] bot.login
Logs you into an account using an email and password. If you do not call this, joining a game will create and use an anonymous account.

```js
await bot.login('email@example.com', 'MyEpicPassword123!!');
```

### bot.dispatch
Allows you to [dispatch](../how/dispatches) an action to the game server.

```js
import LookAtDispatch from 'yolkbot/dispatch/LookAtDispatch';

bot.dispatch(new LookAtDispatch(0));
```

If you become confused with dispatches, refer to the [dispatches](../how/dispatches) guide.

### [async] bot.createPrivateGame
Creates a private game with a specified region, mode, and map.

```js
await bot.createPrivateGame({
    region: 'useast',
    mode: 'ffa',
    map: 0 // aqueduct
});
```

You can find a region list from the [matchmaker](./matchmaker) guide.

Modes can be found using the [GameMode constant](../util/constants).

Maps can be found using the [Map constant](../util/constants). Use the ID of the map, or the index of where it is in the array. For example, to find the ID of the Castle map, you'd do this:

```js
import { Maps } from 'yolkbot/constants';

let castleInfo = Maps.find((map) => map.name === 'Castle');
let castleId = Maps.indexOf(castleInfo);
```

You'd then pass that `castleId` to the `Map` parameter.

### [async] bot.join
Join a public game with the provided game code.

```js
await bot.join('game-code-here');
```

You can also pass a result directly from the Matchmaker:

```js
const game = await bot.matchmaker.findGame({ region: 'useast', mode: 'ffa' });
await bot.join(game);
```

### bot.update
This runs a manual update for the bot. Do not call this unless you have a *clear understanding* how [updates](../how/updates) work.

```js
bot.update();
```

### bot.on
This is how you listen to a [hook](../how/hooks) on the bot. You can listen to any hook that is available.

```js
bot.on('playerJoin', (player) => {
    console.log('a player joined! say hi to ' + player.name);
});
```

You can get a list of hooks in the [hook guide](../how/hooks).

### bot.onAny
This is how you listen for ALL events in the bot. Since this includes things like packets, ticks, and pings, this probably isn't good unless you're debugging issues.

```js
bot.onAny((eventName, data) => {
    console.log('event ' + eventName + ' was called with data: ' + data);
});
```

`data` is what would be passed to the specified event name. So, for a `playerJoin`, eventName = `playerJoin and data = `playerThatJoined`.

### [async] bot.initMatchmaker
This manually creates of a [Matchmaker](./matchmaker) on a Bot. This is why you really should never create a Matchmaker unless you don't plan to join a game at any point.

You should, if logging in and attempting to find regions:
- Create a bot with `new Bot()`
- Call `bot.login()` with the proper credentials
- Call `bot.initMatchmaker()`
- Call the various matchmaker calls you need to
- Call `bot.join(code)`

There are several important things about the matchmaker that don't relate, so let's use a bullet pointed list:

- If you don't login before using initMatchmaker, it will first create an anonymous account, attach the anon account to the bot, then use that anon account until you call `login()`. This is why you should really call `login()` first.
- The matchmaker will use the proxy you used to create the bot. Note that the Matchmaker will disconnect if you spam `findPublicGame` on the same proxy ~10 times.
- The matchmaker will use the same proxy as the bot.
- This will automatically be run anytime you use `bot.join()` or `bot.createPrivateGame()`, so you don't need to call this unless you're doing something special (e.g. finding a public game and joining it).

## Attributes
These are variables on `bot.*` that let you get information about the Bot.

<Note>Some variables are not listed, as their usage is for advanced users and messing with them may cause issues.</Note>

### Constructor Config
This is config passed in the constructor (when you ran `new Bot({ ...opts })`)

- `bot.proxy` - the socks proxy url
- `bot.name` - the name of the bot
- `bot.autoUpdate` - do auto updates? see [updates](../how/updates)
- `bot.updateInterval` - how often to update? see [updates](../how/updates)
- `bot.autoPing` - automatically ping the server to test latency?
- `bot.pingInterval` - how often to ping the server?

### bot.players
`bot.players` is an array of players.

<Note>bot.me is a reference to the `bot.players` object that represents you.</Note>

- `bot.players[i].id` - the id of the player relative to the players
    - IDs are the index of `bot.players` the bot is
    - for example, ID 3 would be `bot.players[3]`
- `bot.players[i].team` - the team the player is on
- `bot.players[i].name` - the name of the player
- `bot.players[i].uniqueId` - the unique id of the player
- `bot.players[i].position` - the position of the player
    - `bot.players[i].position.x` - the x position of the player
    - `bot.players[i].position.y` - the y position of the player
    - `bot.players[i].position.z` - the z position of the player
- `bot.players[i].view` - the view of the player
    - `bot.players[i].view.yaw` - the yaw of the player
    - `bot.players[i].view.pitch` - the pitch of the player
- `bot.players[i].jumping` - if the player is jumping
- `bot.players[i].climbing` - if the player is climbing
- `bot.players[i].character` - the character of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.eggColor` - the color of the player's egg
    - `bot.players[i].character.primaryGun` - the primary gun of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.secondaryGun` - the secondary gun of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.stamp` - the stamp of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.hat` - the hat of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.grenade` - the grenade of the player
    - `bot.players[i].character.melee` - the melee of the player
- `bot.players[i].activeGun` - the active gun of the player (primary or secondary)
- `bot.players[i].selectedGun` - the selected gun of the player (eggk, crackshot, etc)
- `bot.players[i].weapons` - the weapons of the player
    - `bot.players[i].weapons[0]` - the primary weapon of the player (instanceof [gun](../constants/gun))
    - `bot.players[i].weapons[1]` - the secondary weapon of the player (instanceof [gun](../constants/gun), always a cluck9mm)
- `bot.players[i].grenades` - the number of grenades the player has
- `bot.players[i].kills` - the number of kills the player has
- `bot.players[i].hp` - the health of the player
- `bot.players[i].hpShield` - the shield of the player
- `bot.players[i].streakRewards` - the rewards the player has for their streak - a list of the [StreakRewards constant](../util/constants)
- `bot.players[i].social` - an array of the player's socials (twitch, youtube, tiktok, etc) with `id`, `url`, and `active` properties. it will be null for players without any socials (average person)
- `bot.players[i].showBadge` - whether or not to show the badge of the player (either a social or the VIP badge)

### bot.game

- `bot.game.code` - the game code of the game
- `bot.game.gameMode` - the game mode of the game (instanceof [GameMode](../util/constants))
- `bot.game.map` - the map of the game (instanceof [Map](../util/constants))
- `bot.game.playerLimit` - the player limit of the game
- `bot.game.isGameOwner` - if the bot is the game owner
- `bot.game.isPrivate` - if the game is private
- `bot.game.options` - the options of the game
    - `bot.game.options.gravity` - the gravity of the game
    - `bot.game.options.damage` - the damage of the game
    - `bot.game.options.healthRegen` - the health regen of the game
    - `bot.game.options.locked` - if the game is locked
    - `bot.game.options.noTeamChange` - if the game has no team change
    - `bot.game.options.noTeamShuffle` - if the game has no team shuffle
    - `bot.game.options.weaponsDisabled` - the weapons disabled in the game - in the order of [GunList](../util/constants) - 1 = disabled, 0 = enabled
    - `bot.game.options.mustUseSecondary` - if the player must use the secondary weapon due to all weapons being disabled
- `bot.game.teamScore` - the team score of the game
- `bot.game.spatula` - the spatula of the game
    - `bot.game.spatula.coords` - the coords of the spatula
    - `bot.game.spatula.controlledBy` - the player id controlling the spatula
    - `bot.game.spatula.controlledByTeam` - the team controlling the spatula
- `bot.game.stage` - the stage of the game (instanceof [CoopStates](../util/constants))
- `bot.game.activeZone` - the active coop zone number
- `bot.game.capturing` - the users capturing the coop
- `bot.game.captureProgress` - a number 1-1000 that signifies the progress of the capture
- `bot.game.numCapturing` - the number of players capturing
- `bot.game.stageName` - the name of the game stage (as `bot.game.stage` is a number)
- `bot.game.capturePercent` - the capture percent of the game (as `bot.game.captureProgress` is a number, this is for convenience)

### bot.account

- `bot.account.firebaseId` - the firebase id (for auth)
- `bot.account.sessionId` - the session id (for auth)
- `bot.account.session` - the session (for auth)
- `bot.account.ownedItemIds` - the owned items' IDs
- `bot.account.vip` - if the account is vip status
- `bot.account.accountAge` - the age of the account in milliseconds
- `bot.account.emailVerified` - if the account's email is verified
- `bot.account.eggBalance` - the egg balance

### bot.pathing

- `bot.pathing.followingPath` - if the bot is following a path, setting this to false/true can pause/"play" pathfinding

<Note>There's a lot more here, but it's complicated and relates to pathfinding. You likely will never need to access it.</Note>

### bot.*

- `bot.ping` - the websocket latency (ping)
- `bot.initTime` - a `Date.now()` of the bot instance's creation time (for benchmarks)
- `bot.matchmaker` - an instance of [matchmaker](./matchmaker) that uses the bot's proxy & auth
